feat(sitemap): add xslURL to enable styling (#11485)
withastro/astro: .changeset/proud-horses-cry.md

---
'@astrojs/sitemap': minor
---

> Add new option `xslURL` to `@astrojs/sitemap` to enable styling of sitemaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds new `xslURL` option to enable styling of sitemaps
```
